deeply
on the one hand the five elements
Very important
for the understanding of Chinese energy
of purpose
the goal
we are suffering
the funeral must follow 9
ref
now i want 2
they are in the content of other countries
decidedly
indeed the challenge the three another
after that period I believed it
at
the world
the positive aspect of all beaches
in the second run
from there Geneva
that's my goal
soap lawyer in the earth
for the world
Angelism masters others
he stays
On paper
ideas
they are entitled
3 the agreement with her and the column
he will have to submit to a
just for
opposite
a first run
popular
elected mayor
and thirdly suite he assures
jl